Good morning everyone. Today is Tuesday,
April the 7th and this is the Moneyball
Morning Report. Charts by Trendpider,
Gamma Flows by Menthther Q. My name is
Amarie Band and here we go. So this
morning, very interesting. this candle
here between 6:00 to 6:30 and 6:30 to
7:00 in this 1 hour we had almost 80,000
contracts move through. So
that's pretty unusual. It's almost
twice the size of what a normal day
would bring us between six and seven.
I'm not sure if it was news what's going
on, but what it does do is flip our
cumulative delta negative in the
pre-market. And so, what does what does
that actually mean? Well, it means that
we're under the VWAP and we're below the
close of the first 30-minute cap. In
general, this is what it means. So
cumulative delta is not something that
you absolutely need, but it certainly
does tell you what's going on in the
charts.
So let's let's pick up see where our
lines versus yesterday are telling. So
we went right into the target from
yesterday. I said, "Hey, listen. Looks
like 6668
is the target above us." We didn't quite
get there in yesterday's trading, but
we've gotten there in today's trading,
and there were a lot of sellers waiting
for us up there. So, let me see if we
have the supply demand. No, I don't. Too
cluttery. All right. So, obviously, we
had some supply up here. We're going to
have some demand up here. Remember, our
blue line separates positive gamma from
negative gamma formations. And so what
are we staring down? We're staring down
a chart that's essentially sideways. We
are inside of value. That's the bright
part of the volume profile. And we're
inside of the range of yesterday. Okay?
And so if Hog were speaking to us, he
would say, you know, we wait for better
opportunities. We let them break out of
this range.
So maybe we do. Here's another thought.
The 200 is up. The 50 is up to flat. The
VWAP is up to flat.
Why not use rangebased formations that
say, "Hey, if it comes down into the
value area, low area around
6600,
I could position a long. That's also
where the zero DTE
put wall is right around that area. But
we know that can change during the
course of the day. 6500 is the put wall
below.
The call wall above is still 6800. You
can see price action moving very very
sideways.
And so pullbacks give us a potential
bounce. And you can see the traders
trying to bounce here off of this 6613.
The question is how much risk are you
looking at? We are dancing right at the
pivot. We know above the pivot in
general gives us bullish structure.
Below the pivot in general gives us
bearish structure, but we're positioned
on an upward sloping 200. So that
bearish structure is only into support.
And so that's what it's trying to do.
It's trying to bounce. Everything tells
us it's sideways. That gives me
rangebased structure. So, I would be
trading range formations, and that would
be dips or buys, spikes or sells until
they're not. And I know that's
preposterous, but it is how we live here
in our gray area that is trading.
breakaway zones 6634
send us back to 6650
send us to 6670
and then our next line above us is 66
85. Now remember what the traders are
trying to accomplish.
They're trying to grind their way to
test this 200. Now, they're doing a
pretty crummy job of it if you ask me,
but that is what they are trying to do.
And so, these dip action events give us
these price spikes. We'll see what
happens, right? My suspicion is dips or
buys and bounces or sells because we're
in a very choppy zone. as I've mentioned
time and time again that we are moving
into a statistically noisy
period of trading. Now we love these
stats that go oh okay XYZ said that
you know 70% of the time April is a
positive month. Well, that could be
positive by two ticks relative to what
it was April 1st and it could be a big
draw down into April into April before
it bounces. So these kinds of broad
technical
things that say hey don't worry remember
these guys are running money and their
goal is to have you not liquidate your
portfolio so it affects their quarterly
balance. Okay, just just telling you.
Okay, we're done. Let's go to the NQ.
Let's take a peek. Now, remember the NQ
is much closer
in terms of relative frame to its 200.
Sharp cross of the 50 and the 200. We
know normally that is a big what do they
call this? The death cross. Absurd. But
this is what they're staring down. It's
very messy, but it's still pretty
sideways. Let's take a look at what our
parameters for yesterday told us and
what we can do today. So, yesterday I
said, "Hey, listen. Looks like we could
get to 24,
390 and then the big line up above
24,500."
Well, it got above 397,
but it did not get above the 500. And so
when things like this happen, I like to
see what percentage of the way. No, you
know what?
This is what I want to see. I'm just
going to measure
what it is from top to the bottom. This
and that. Well, I kind of knew that
would be the case. So, it just a little
bit above the halfway spot. We got
um the reading from that area and oh
shucks
and that tells us that that is now the
top end value area high
remains in that zone of 24,390.
I'm going to call it 24,400.
We can see that top end. Are we in some
kind of range? Yes. Let's do our
framework. I didn't do it with the ES,
but I'll do it with the NQ. Where's the
pivot? Well, it's above us, right? So,
we are below the pivot generally means
downside pressure. However, we've got an
upward sloping 200. So, it says downside
pressure into support.
What is the slope and location of the
50? It's up to flat rangebased
formation. VWAP
up to flat rangebased formation. So what
do we do? We trade the range until it
doesn't work. So what is the base of the
range? Same thing as yesterday.
24,163
to 24,200.
Anywhere around that zone is going to
give you bullish pressure to the upside.
Then we've got 24,39
and
24,400
call wall.
Call wall.
Yes, it's here. 24,500
put wall.
Whoa. 23,000.
Zero DTE. Put wall
24,000. Very sideways.
very sideways.
I believe as I mentioned the other day
that traders are getting war fatigue
because we are generally simple. Listen,
if you're a trader and you get offended
by what I'm saying, just realize I'm
talking about myself, okay? Generally
speaking, there's just so much digital
information an analog brain can hold.
And so it creates a blowoff top where we
just simply are not taking things in as
well as we should or we have
definitively decided to stop the flow of
information from affecting deeper spaces
in our psyche. Okay,
this tells me that we're sitting in that
spot. So we're going to need some other
massive jolt of X, Y, or Z to take us
into the next space. And until that
time, deep dips are still buys because
we're sitting in this sideways bucket.
Okay, lower edge of the framework 24,69
and then the zero DTE at 24,000 dips
certainly buys. Please pay attention to
the size of the wicks. This is very
important. Wait for your edges to
collapse before engaging. Okay, super
important. If you care to join me on the
Topstep Discord this morning, we are
doing office hours and um you can look
at the coach's classroom. I'll be there
yammering about doing X, Y, or Z. All
right, let's hit the Bitcoin.
Okay, let's go to the daily.
Still a dumpster fire. Still sideways.
It tells me there's no new infusion of
liquidity because liquidity is the
driver to Bitcoin in my estimation. This
is how I'm using this chart. Okay, so
we've got sideways pressure
still holding us in the range. I've got
some sort of crazy Fibonacci drawn here.
So,
let me delete it
so we can see what's going on. Let's go
to the daily uh the 30 minute. Let's
compare yesterday. Gamma wall intact.
70,500
thereabouts.
Spike up into 71,000. Never got there.
Okay. So, could we move this line down?
And we could, but I'm not going to. I
still think we're in a sideways pressure
event. And the traders are trying to
lift off. There are a lot of big traders
that really believe that Bitcoin is
going to have its next heyday. I think
it's
probably going to get smashed by
tokenization,
but we shall see. It's a, you know,
clear as month. Let's look at the levels
and decide where we are. Where's the
pivot? Well, it's above us. That means
generally bearish. However, where is the
200? It's below us and it's up to flat.
So, this downward signal that says,
"Hey, I'm below the pivot." Tells me,
"Okay, friend, you better pay attention
to where support ledges show up." Our
number yesterday was 68,585.
We never came back to it all day.
Yesterday, we just stayed up, try to get
to the zero DT pull all at 70,000 and
there we sat all day. Okay, today it's
holding our number 68,500.
We came down, kissed the 200, and now
what are we trying to do? We're trying
to get back up above the pivot. However,
what's the slope of the VWAP? It's up to
flat. So, it could get there, but we're
probably going to see sellers. Where is
the 50? It's up to flat. Another
indicator that says, hey, we might get
to the pivot, but we're going to see
sellers. Momentum is very negative. So,
I suspect what we're going to do is
stall out.
Let's try this edge. I think it works.
If we stare down this area, we're going
to stall out very likely somewhere
around the midpoint of this region
at 6880. If it holds above, we'll test
the pivot and the anchored VWAP. All
right. If we hold the anchored VWAP, we
get above the pivot. All of our moving
averages are below us. We go right back
into the zero DTE up there at 70,000. Do
I think we're going to do that? No. I
think we're going to go to 67,000
and then bounce again very sideways.
Right, we've got a gamma wall here at
67,800
and then the value area high 67,600.
Let's go to oil.
Oil is in a little bit of a bouncy
bounce.
Trend still up.
Momentum still up, but somewhat
divergent. Doesn't tell us anything.
Doesn't tell us it's toppy. Not at all.
And things are only going to get worse.
I did hear some people say,
um, "Wow, the whole world is bullish. I
can't wait to see what happens here."
Implying that we're headed all to one
side of the boat, and of course, that's
going to fade. Now,
logistically,
that's exactly what happens. Allah, look
at this camp. Everybody moved to this
side of the boat and it collapsed.
But we've got ourselves something that
could easily spiral into our very own
tulip formation.
And so we'll see, right? How far, how
fast, no clue. But as of now, we've got
brand new highs relative to this
candlestick. And we have spent since
March 9, we have spent time trying to
get up over that candlestick. If perh
happen stance we do get above that
candle.
Here's our 50% line at 101 thereabouts.
The next line in the sand, dear friends
and neighbors, is $138
and then somewhere around 160. Okay.
I certainly hope that doesn't happen
because I have a number of family
members that travel for their business
and they own their business and that is
going to eat a chunk out of it. So, that
being said, here's what we've got. Let's
do our orientation. Where are we? Well,
we're above the pivot. Okay, generally
bullish. What's our trend?
200 up and acting as support. 50 up to
flat acting as support. VWAP up to flat
acting as support now but was
resistance. Notice these areas of losing
the VWAP
and then the magnets of the pivot
holding it into the anchored VWAP of the
prior day. Look at it here again. It
loses the VWAP.
There's the pivot all the way down there
for that prior day, but it comes into
that anchor of the day before and then
begins to bounce. This is the same
structure. We came down into the zone,
held the pivot. The pivots's been
climbing for three days.
Upward continuation.
You don't want to sell these tops until
they confirm.
Until they confirm and then you can have
a go. Of course, you can do whatever you
like. I'm just telling you statistically
speaking, what's the better bet? Okay.
Upside pressure. Yesterday's
resistance level two,
that's $118.
There are a couple of gamma lines
sitting there. I don't they're so
clustered I don't have them on here. It
makes the price action just very very
noisy because I'm using these other
lines. But there are gamma flows here
that are going to try and hold this
structure down below 120. Okay. So
that's what we're seeing. Negative
divergence.
So if it spikes up here, watch for the
collapse. You can take the scalp short,
but be ready to pitch and get to the
right side. Okay? Just it would not be
it's not advantageous for you to do it
the other way just to hang on in a short
where all the trend is up. You just look
for something that says, "Okay, I'm
exhausted. I'm going to collapse down
into prior highs, prior supports, prior
VWAPS, that sort of thing." Okay, let's
go to gold.
Sideways slash tells us that the dollar
is compressing, trying to build
structure. So, let let's take a look at
that. Um, USD
EUR. Oops. Got to go to Forex for that.
All right. And you can see this. You see
how it looks just like the gold chart?
Very, very similar. These guys are
tracking each other. So,
let's go.
Let's go here.
We can see that the dollar's
compressing, trying to hold a support
zone.
So, let's do the analysis.
Where is Well, first of all, we better
check this out. Okay, in between the 200
and the 50. I'd forgotten where we were.
Okay, 30 minute chart sideways. Look
what's been happening to this pivot.
lower
areas for the central pivot
and yet higher lows. So what's this tell
us? We have a cross current. So when we
have a crossurren like this, we know
we're in a rangebased formation until
the range breaks. So first let's build
out the range.
Pretty much value area low to value area
high. That's 4630,
4720,
12, whichever one you want. Not an exact
science, folks. Everything is drawn with
a big fat crayon. Okay, let's talk about
where we are with the pivot. They're
trying to recapture it.
Just ticked above it. Pretty wiky price
action if you ask me. Let me
see. That's better.
Um,
three contracts better.
At least it's not wiki. All right. So,
this is what we need to stare down.
Same relative range.
4640.
Dips or buys, spikes or sells until
they're not. Let them collapse and then
you can step in. Very noisy. See this
here? It means don't trade this box.
Wait for it to fade and then trade it up
or wait for it to bounce and then trade
it down. Getting in the middle here.
Listen, if risk was nothing to be
concerned about, you could take a trade
one direction, doesn't matter which,
flip a coin, decide which one, and hold
it until it turns positive. Could it run
40 points, that's 400 ticks against you?
Yes. And then it could turn around and
move right back. Doesn't mean you want
to trade it here. As a matter of fact,
risk parameters suggest that you do not
want to trade it here. Okay, wait for
it. Are we under
the
uh are we under a negative gamma? Yes.
Positive gamma above, negative gamma
below.
That's going to give us likelihood of
these big spikes, fades. So, we we wait
it out. Wait for it to come in to you or
expand to you and then you're going to
get the right trade. Where is the put
wall?
Whoa. 4,400 put wall
5,000 call wall. So that's a,000
different. The zerod put wall 4576.
Zero DTE call wall 4750.
Those would be the ranges that we
capture ourselves in. But this is what
they're doing. They're resolving here.
So naturally, my friends, when we break,
we're going to go to the 50% region here
in general to the upside or the 50%
region first to the downside.
That's going to give us potentially
probably if I'm just doing it by halfway
marker. That's 4598. Looks right around
there. And then on the upside, the first
target
4765,
which is a pivot from two days ago.
Okay, let's go to SPY.
Delta continues to fade, but the traders
are not losing the floor of support.
Let's take a look at the daily. We're
really close, relatively speaking, to
the 200, but we are under it,
right? Jim Dalton might say, "Well, how
good are the traders doing their job to
get us up to the 200?"
You know, they're sticking up the place
pretty bad. They can't do it. Wick,
wick, wick, wick, wick.
Really tough. What is happening though
is the deeper dips are getting more
shallow. So the dips are still buys.
Zero DTE put wall 650 and
zero DTE call wall 660. So only 10
points away.
The big put wall is 675.
Excuse me. The big call wall is 675.
The big put wall is 650.
All right, let's go to 30 minute. What
are we staring down
sideways?
Where are we with relation to the pivot?
Well, we're under it. Look at how far
the 200 is away from us. That's kind of
crummy.
Flat and far away from us. We could
easily fade into this zone. We could do
it very slowly over coming days while
the 200 tries to catch up at around the
650 line. Okay, under the VWAP, under
the 50, under the pivot, under the
anchored VWAP.
You know where is it likely heading?
Well, there's a VWAP
below at 653 and then another one,
another gamma line of importance at 650.
Are dips buys here? Well, here's the
rub. The short answer is yes. The long
answer is how deep is the dip? Value
area low all the way at 648.
The 200 is at 647.
We've got all kinds of noise here.
Notice how thin the volume profile is
here. That's from this motion on April
the 2nd. That's this motion. My
suspicion
is that we rotate all the way back down
here. Why? Because great big fast moves
are usually
failed moves
until they gather volume at the price.
Why? because the market is doing an
auction and if
not enough people come in and say I
agree with that or I disagree with that
we must have just had some uh news come
out some kind of release
because we are going all over the place.
Yeah. So if we're staring that down
I I believe more market auctioning has
to take place here. So, I would not be
surprised if we lose this entire ledge
and come back into 650. All right,
everybody. I know a little long trying
to explain some stuff. I will chat with
you all later. And if you're so
inclined, nine o'clock top discord will
be sitting in a coach's classroom. Take
care.